BD-4799 Add timeout_request error to LINE docs (#9854)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/line/messaging_users.md

For this message, you should send a LINE message informing the user that this channel is not monitored by a human and, if needed, guide them to a support channel.

## Troubleshooting

### 500 Internal Server Error or `request_timeout` error

> You may receive a 500 Internal Server Error or `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from Braze. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems, meaning the user may receive a duplicate message if you send the request again. 

Author: I'll check with the requester. I think there was a misunderstanding.

Would this be sufficient, or is there additional information that should be added? 

```
### 500 Internal Server Error or `request_timeout` error

You may receive a 500 Internal Server Error or `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from Braze. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems, meaning the user may receive a duplicate message if you send the request again.

If you frequently receive the `request_timeout` error, contact [Support]({{site.baseurl}}/braze_support/) to investigate.
```

> You may receive a 500 Internal Server Error or `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from Braze. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems, meaning the user may receive a duplicate message if you send the request again. 

Reviewer: Can you add a few words explaining what request the customer makes to which they receive this error?
 
"When <making some http request> you may receive ...." or similar

> You may receive a 500 Internal Server Error or `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from Braze. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems, meaning the user may receive a duplicate message if you send the request again. 

Author: Update: I asked the reporter last week. No response yet, so I've just nudged them.

For this message, you should send a LINE message informing the user that this channel is not monitored by a human and, if needed, guide them to a support channel.

## Troubleshooting

### `request_timeout` error

> You may receive the `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from Canvas. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems.

Author: ```suggestion
You may receive the `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from Braze. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems.
```

> You may receive the `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from the bot server that connects Braze to LINE. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems.

Author: ```suggestion
You may receive the `request_timeout` error if it takes more than two seconds for LINE to receive a response from Canvas. However, the request itself may have reached Braze without any problems.
```
